Document `asyncio` performance improvement in What's New (#103370)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.12.rst

asyncio
-------

> * :mod:`asyncio` is optimized to avoid excessive copying when writing to socket
>   and uses :meth:`~socket.socket.sendmsg` if the platform supports it.
>   (Contributed by Kumar Aditya in :gh:`91166`.)

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
* The performance of writing to sockets in :mod:`asyncio` has been
  significantly improved. ``asyncio`` now avoids unnecessary copying when
  writing to sockets and uses :meth:`~socket.socket.sendmsg` if the platform
  supports it. (Contributed by Kumar Aditya in :gh:`91166`.)
```

Author: Thanks

asyncio
-------

* :mod:`asyncio` is optimized to avoid excessive copying when writing to socket
  and uses :meth:`~socket.socket.sendmsg` if the platform supports it.

>   A speedup of 80% was observed on Linux on simple tcp echo server benchmark.

Author: @AlexWaygood I welcome your suggestions to better document it.
